I (30M) live with my girlfriend, Lily (not a real name), and our 3 month old daughter.
Lily is incredibly kind and always puts others first.
One of her old friends, Jenna, came over last weekend after not seeing Lily for a while.
I've never liked Jenna, she always makes everything about herself.While I was in the kitchen, Lily started breastfeeding our baby in the living room.
Jenna suddenly said, That's gross, no one wants to see that, implying it was inappropriate.
Lily came into the kitchen upset and continued feeding there, visibly shaken.I was pissed.
No one makes the mother of my child feel ashamed for feeding our baby, especially not in our own home.
I walked in, saw Jenna rummaging through our things, and told her to get out.
She acted confused, so I told her I wasn't asking twice.
She left.Later that night, Jenna called Lily and claimed I threatened her and said we were lucky she wasn't calling the cops.
I took the phone, told her to never contact us again, and blocked her.I don't regret it.
A baby needs to eat, and there's nothing wrong with a mom breastfeeding.
So, Am I the asshole H?